CD 801xx release notes DOC-3505 (#2750)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-delivery.md

  <TabItem value="What's new">
```

- Upgraded Helm binary from version 3.8 to 3.12. (CDS-58931)

- Upgraded go-template binary to version 0.4.3, which uses go version 1.20. (CDS-58919)

> - Removed Helm version 3.1 from immutable delegate. (CDS-58892, ZD-47520, ZD-48553)

Reviewer: The preferred way to refer to this type of delegate is:

delegates with an immutable image type (image tag `yy.mm.xxxxx`)

Reviewer 2: Thank you, @brian-f-harness! I will make the change.

  This fix is behind the feature flag DISABLE_WINRM_COMMAND_ENCODING. Contact Harness Support to enable this fix.

- Fixed an issue where Helm deployment steps timed out after the initial installation/upgrade phase, preventing the execution of a Helm rollback step. (CDS-73264, ZD-46163)

- Fixed an issue in Artifactory deployments where the **Artifact Path** pull-down menu would populate even when the Artifactory connector failed to process a regular expression. Now, when a regex is supplied to an artifact tag in the pipeline for a service, the **Artifact Path** menu populates correctly based on the regex. (CDS-72737, ZD-46236)

- Previously, when a fixed value was specified to a pipeline build, the Service step used pattern matching to verify the value.  Now, the Service step verifies the value using an exact match. (CDS-72911)

  For example, suppose the **Jenkins Build** field is set to 1. Previously, the check would pass even if build 1 was absent and build 41 was present. With this fix, the check passes only if build 1 is present. 

> - Fixed an issue where a step would fail when kubectl failed to connect to the cluster in 30 seconds. Added retry logic to the kubectl command when connectivity issue occurs. (CDS-72806, ZD-46417)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a step would fail when kubectl failed to connect to the cluster in 30 seconds. Now, when connectivity issues occur, newly implemented logic ensures that the kubectl command is retried. (CDS-72806, ZD-46417)
```
The current wording is incorrect. Made some changes and also tried to make the second sentence a complete one. Just a suggestion I could think of. Feel free to rewrite.

> -  Fixed an issue in Artifactory deployments where the Artifact Path pull-down menu would populate even when the Artifactory connector failed to process a regular expression. Now, if a regex is supplied to an artifact tag in the pipeline for a service, Artifact Path menu populates correctly based on the regex. (CDS-72737, ZD-46236)

Reviewer 2: This issue appears twice. Delete this instance. Thanks.

  This item requires Harness Delegate version 80100. For information about features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).

- Fixed an issue where Helm deployment steps timed out after the initial installation/upgrade phase, preventing the execution of a Helm rollback step. (CDS-73264, ZD-46163)

  This item requires Harness Delegate version 80100. For information about features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).

- Previously, when a fixed value was specified to a pipeline build, the Service step used pattern matching to verify the value.  Now, the Service step verifies the value by using an exact match. (CDS-72911)

  For example, suppose the **Jenkins Build** field is set to 1. Previously, the check would pass even if build 1 was absent and build 41 was present. With this fix, the check passes only if build 1 is present. 

  This item requires Harness Delegate version 80100. For information about features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate).

> - Added retry logic to kubectl command to handle connectivity issues. (CDS-72869)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `kubectl` command now includes retry logic to handle connection issues. (CDS-72869
```
